
Initial Wager
  Poll each seated player for wager on each hand they wish to play. 
  After every hand has the minimum wager.

Deal
  Dealer deals a single card to each hand face up.
  Dealer deals a single card to self face down.
  Dealer deals one additional card to each hand face up.
  Dealer deals one additional card to self face up.
  If dealer face up card is an Ace, the dealer offers insurance to all hands.  
  After the insurance bet, if the dealer did not have
  a natural(a hand of two cards whose value is 21), the round proceeds.

Player Turn
  Player may place a side wager at the start of each of their hands.
  A side wager cannot be placed on a hand after the hand hits.
  A hand may hit to receive 1 additional card to the current hand.
  A hand busts if the value is greater than 21 and the hand ends. 
  A hand may stand to end turn for that hand.
  Player turn ends if all player hands have ended.

Dealer Turn
  Dealer turns over hole card revealing total value of hand.
  Dealer hits until they have hard 17.
  Dealer hits on soft 17.
  Dealer stands after reaching hard 17 or greater.
  Dealer busts if the dealer hand value is over 21 and the dealer hand ends. 

Showdown
  If dealer hand busts, all player hands that have not gone bust win the wager.
  If player hand has busted the wager for that hand is lost.

  A natural always beats a hand value of 21 that contains three or more cards.
  If dealer hand does not have a natural, any hand with a natural wins 3 to 2.

  If player hand is higher than dealer hand, player hand wins the wager.
  If player hand ties the dealer hand, it is a push, 
  and the player hand keeps the wager.
  If player hand is lower than dealer hand, player hand loses the wager.
    
Side Wagers
  Side wagers may be accepted at the start of a hand (after first two cards are dealt) and
  before the first hit.
  Side wagers include Insurance, Double Down, Surrender, and Split.

Insurance
  If the dealer face up card is an Ace, the dealer offers insurance to each player.
  If the player accepts, the player places a side wager equal to half the player current wager.
  If the dealer has a natural, the dealer reveals the hole card and
  every hand that placed the insurance wager wins twice their insurance wager.
  If the dealer does not have a natural, the hole card is not revealed and 
  players lose their insurance wager.
  
Double Down
 The player doubles the wager for the current hand.
 A single card is dealt to the current hand and that hand stands.   
  
Surrender
  The player receives half of their wager as a payout and the hand is forfeited.
  
Split
  The player offers the initial wager a second time.
  The player has their hand split into two separate hands. 
  The new wager is applied to the new hand.
  One additional card is dealt to each new hand.
  Game proceeds with first hand as normal.
  When that hand busts or stands, play continues with second hand.
  Payout for each hand is independent of original hand.
